Win.
Won.
Max loves to win at chess.
Last night, he won 3 games.
He's won many more in the past.
Wind.
Wound.
Sarah tries to wind up her toy.
Yesterday, she wound it too tight.
She's wound it perfectly ever since.
Write.
Wrote.
Written.
Sam likes to write stories.
Last week, he wrote a mystery.
He's written more exciting tales since.
Arise.
Arose.
Arisen.
John tries to arise early.
Yesterday, he arose at sunrise.
He's arisen even earlier this morning.
Become.
Became.
Tom wants to become a chef.
He became interested after a cooking show.
He's become more skilled in the kitchen.
Bet.
Max loves to bet on sports.
Last night, he bet on a soccer match.
He's bet on many games before.
Bleed.
Bled.
Sam tries not to bleed easily.
Yesterday, he bled after cutting his finger.
He's bled more times than he can count.
Breed.
Bled.
Jane loves to breed rabbits.
Last year, her rabbits bred successfully
. She's bred many since then.
Broadcast.
Tim wants to broadcast his podcast.
Last week, he broadcast it live.
He's broadcast more episodes now.
Burn.
Burnt.
Burned.
Max tries not to burn his toast.
Yesterday, he burnt it badly.
He's burnt toast too many times to count.
Deal.
Dealt.
Tom likes to deal cards.
Yesterday, he dealt them at the game.
He's dealt cards many times.
We'll take my Early actively regarde the draft.